# class-activity 
I am a CPA working in a professional services with the boutique accounting firm for the last 18 months. Prior to that, I was working as a Financial Manager with the privately owned FMCG in eRetail space across the globe for over 8.5 years. I have been working in Accounting & Finance  since 2007 across multiple industries. Over these years, I have built skills from supporting roles to leading accounting and finance roles. I have been providing business performance analysis through actionable business insights by building financial metrics and dashborad. I was intrumental in selecting cloud based systems for accounting, payment gateways( like paypal,Stripe, ZipPay,NAB Payment gateways) across websites to smoothen the payment process, AWS servers packages to manage the cyclical nature of the businesses. I was involved in exploring and adapting other forms of funding like Invoice factoring, Assest funding etc to support the cash flow.
Working actively in eRetail & also with few IT clients, the advent of new technology and the pace at which it keeps changes fascinate me especially the disruption it is offering to the business models. I like to upskill myself in this growing fintech space. I firmly beleive that the future of commerce is Blockchain and Smart contracts.I like to learn the python programming and machine learning so that I can build dashboards integrating real time data and can provide actionable insights to my future employers to take timely actions in this data driven  and fast paced world.
